org/springframework/boot/test/autoconfigure/properties/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.properties._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/test/web/reactive/server/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.test.web.reactive.server._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/aot/StaticSpringFactories.java
 org.springframework.aot.StaticSpringFactories
org/springframework/boot/test/autoconfigure/filter/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.filter._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/test/web/client/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.test.web.client._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/core/io/support/SpringFactoriesLoader.java
 org.springframework.core.io.support.SpringFactoriesLoader
org/springframework/boot/autoconfigure/integration/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.integration._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/context/config/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.context.config._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/context/properties/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.context.properties._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/autoconfigure/data/redis/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.data.redis._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/autoconfigure/r2dbc/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.r2dbc._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/test/web/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.test.web._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/jdbc/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.jdbc._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/sql/init/dependency/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.sql.init.dependency._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/test/json/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.test.json._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/test/context/support/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.test.context.support._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/autoconfigure/session/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.session._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/jdbc/init/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.jdbc.init._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/r2dbc/init/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.r2dbc.init._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/diagnostics/analyzer/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.diagnostics.analyzer._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/test/context/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.test.context._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/autoconfigure/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/jooq/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.jooq._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/test/autoconfigure/web/client/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.web.client._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/autoconfigure/jdbc/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.jdbc._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/test/autoconfigure/web/servlet/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.web.servlet._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/test/context/web/socket/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.test.context.web.socket._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/liquibase/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.liquibase._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/test/mock/mockito/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.test.mock.mockito._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/flyway/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.flyway._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/autoconfigure/diagnostics/analyzer/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.diagnostics.analyzer._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/autoconfigure/flyway/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.flyway._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/test/autoconfigure/actuate/metrics/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure.actuate.metrics._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/data/jpa/util/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.data.jpa.util._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/test/autoconfigure/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.test.autoconfigure._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/test/context/filter/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.test.context.filter._FactoryProvider
org/springframework/boot/autoconfigure/condition/_FactoryProvider.java
 org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.condition._FactoryProvider
